Odessa Martin: Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: How are you
Odessa Martin: Oh, good.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Are you having some connection.
Magalie Marcellus: Issues with your connection that your internet
Odessa Martin: Not today. I finally got home internet put in
Odessa Martin: Was I had been said, having such problems doing that just off my phone.
Odessa Martin: That we had to have a actual internet like us that put in our home.
Magalie Marcellus: OK. OK.
Magalie Marcellus: I was in some feedback. I just want to make sure it wasn't that issue.
Odessa Martin: Is how you been yeah
Odessa Martin: I've been good pads little bit ups and downs not using or anything, just what the grand baby and stuff and but everything's turned out for the best. For now, so
Odessa Martin: Have been pretty good.
Magalie Marcellus: So you have your grin grin child with you.
Odessa Martin: Well, my daughter had her and sep tember and she was taken from she was given to me because
Odessa Martin: My daughter had drugs in our system and
Odessa Martin: My daughter had took her to an appointment and her and her boyfriend got pulled over and had drugs on the vehicle.
Odessa Martin: So,
Odessa Martin: THEY TOOK HER FROM ME TOO. AND SHE WENT TO THE GRANDMOTHER great grandmother and first she went to children's first one children's home for over 30 days.
Odessa Martin: And then my grandmother goddaughter and that's where she's at for now that my daughter actually has straightened up passed over drug test doing everything CPS is one or to do and
Odessa Martin: So she should have her back in a couple of months. Another 60 days.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. OK, so the you say it's a granddaughter.
Odessa Martin: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so the window is with
Magalie Marcellus: Is that your mother on the other side of the family.
Odessa Martin: The other side of the family.
Magalie Marcellus: But she just lived
Odessa Martin: Two houses down for me. Thank God.
Magalie Marcellus: OK, so you're able to visit spend some time.
Odessa Martin: Yeah yeah I go over and help with the, well actually, my daughters living there with the baby now.
Magalie Marcellus: And all you do.
Odessa Martin: Learn car when I want
Odessa Martin: You know, babysat help out all that
Magalie Marcellus: Towel is your band. Sounds like a baby, baby.
Odessa Martin: Yeah, she was born September 19 so under
Magalie Marcellus: Five months or six months.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow. So we were
Magalie Marcellus: Very small one.
Odessa Martin: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm still yeah
Magalie Marcellus: You're
Magalie Marcellus: Doing overall
Magalie Marcellus: And
Odessa Martin: She's doing great. And my daughter is pregnant.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh no oh yeah me
Magalie Marcellus: When did she find out, she
Odessa Martin: waited until she was
Odessa Martin: He found a few days ago.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, now is your wishes first out. Does she ever children.
Odessa Martin: No, this is our first word she waited until she's 30 to have one
Odessa Martin: Didn't you know she didn't really want to have kids and now
Magalie Marcellus: pregnant again says, Mommy, back to back.
Magalie Marcellus: So, but you
Magalie Marcellus: Know, she
Magalie Marcellus: She meant
Odessa Martin: She's outpatient treatment now but but yeah she's, she's known good. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And you say, hopefully in the next six
Odessa Martin: I think
Odessa Martin: Yeah, sure, have collegial that
Magalie Marcellus: They can get custody back
Mm hmm.
Odessa Martin: We named her call AG
Magalie Marcellus: How do you wanna
Odessa Martin: Call he
Magalie Marcellus: Call it
Odessa Martin: Pick K. Oh.
Odessa Martin: My daughter, she named her after a rapper.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, I'm not familiar with that.
Odessa Martin: Much. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you guys have a nickname what any other special me
Odessa Martin: The car kitty.
Kitty.
Odessa Martin: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: She does have a unique name.
Odessa Martin: Yes, she does.
Magalie Marcellus: So you say your daughter is doing outpatient treatment now.
Odessa Martin: Yeah, and she's doing really good. She had a coordinate the other day and CPS comes out here once a week and then they go to her grandmother's once a week.
Odessa Martin: And they drove tester. Every time you know, and she was in court, the other day, and they drug tested her and she passed and she's doing good.
Magalie Marcellus: As good
Magalie Marcellus: So she's ready to be a full time mom.
Odessa Martin: Well, I don't know about that. She likes to work a lot so me and the grandma has the baby, you know, and the day but she's definitely ready to take it on, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so have plans to speak on
Magalie Marcellus: Your job.
Odessa Martin: Yeah.
Odessa Martin: Just fine because she's trying to get her in place.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so is there a reason she didn't stay with you. Your daughter.
Odessa Martin: Because
Odessa Martin: I
Odessa Martin: Couldn't do that with the
Odessa Martin: The bull crap and the baby being gone and I blamed her, and there's a lot of fighting at the time.
Argument.
Magalie Marcellus: So yeah, she
Odessa Martin: Picked on to come here.
Magalie Marcellus: Because of the way things were going. He didn't win on
Odessa Martin: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Me in the middle of it. So how did that affect your recovery at all with all those things I was going on stress is
Magalie Marcellus: No.
Odessa Martin: No, I've pretty much learn how to manage that i've been i've been clean since I've nine so
Magalie Marcellus: How long you been clean
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: So what are you, what are you doing that helps you
Odessa Martin: Well,
Odessa Martin: When the first four years of my sobriety. I was in prison, of course, so I could
Odessa Martin: Use
Magalie Marcellus: That when I come home.
Odessa Martin: I in my life, my children were using at the time and
Odessa Martin: I knew I wouldn't be able to stay clean because
Odessa Martin: I was locked up for four years, say like I had the thinking of, well, more to come home on party.
Odessa Martin: See, so I went ahead and got on Suboxone right then and there, because I knew
Odessa Martin: If I did, and
Odessa Martin: I will probably use
Odessa Martin: So I, I mean,
Odessa Martin: I'm basically a homebody I don't go to a lot of places.
Odessa Martin: We got a lot of animals like horses and stuff like that. We take care of take care of my house, things that I didn't do like when my kids were little that
Odessa Martin: I should have did
Magalie Marcellus: Tonight have more time for yourself.
Magalie Marcellus: So do you live with any of your kids now.
Odessa Martin: My son is still of Syria.
Magalie Marcellus: And adult
Odessa Martin: Yeah, he's an adult.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And that son.
Magalie Marcellus: Is that anybody using in our household
Odessa Martin: No, no, no, no.
Odessa Martin: He has like he has bad mental problems he, I don't think he
Magalie Marcellus: Ever went by myself, but
Magalie Marcellus: I asked him.
Magalie Marcellus: But he's getting services or help him manages
Magalie Marcellus: Alien now.
Odessa Martin: He was for a long he gets on them kicks to where he just won't take these medicine and your appointments and
Odessa Martin: So has
A via
Odessa Martin: And he is he's bipolar.
Odessa Martin: And he is a he gets so angry. A lot
Odessa Martin: Like way manic
Magalie Marcellus: So is it it's many coins angry.
Odessa Martin: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. And so how do you handle that when it gets to the point ways. Get in.
Magalie Marcellus: There really manic well
Odessa Martin: I basic right I basically have the same thing. So
Odessa Martin: I talked to him as much as I can.
Magalie Marcellus: And does that help the situation on this.
Yeah.
Odessa Martin: So the time method.
Odessa Martin: Right, if it's like between him and a sister. I can't. I just got to like leave early because
Odessa Martin: That ain't happening.
Mm hmm.
Odessa Martin: Or just overlooking a lot of times there.
Magalie Marcellus: Would be triggers for you.
Odessa Martin: For me I couldn't say there be any because
Odessa Martin: I've been around the day I've been around needles. I've been around people using I'm party. And if I don't want to do it. I just, I don't do it. You know, so I don't really have I never did understand that trigger thing. I mean, some people may have it. I've never
Odessa Martin: If I wanted to, like, go get drunk or something like that. I'm always pretty much did it on my own. I didn't have somebody with me to do it.
Magalie Marcellus: Um but sometime certain places may bring up some memories and then, you know,
Odessa Martin: Right now, let's meet that triggers that does
Odessa Martin: Okay, maybe that's what it is, then, but yeah memories. Definitely.
Odessa Martin: Hmm, it'll put me back to where yeah I have that. But then I also think how far I've come.
Odessa Martin: With the Suboxone and savvy that because if I didn't have that I, I'm sure I'd be using
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so that helps you overcome whatever if you had any thoughts of going back to
Magalie Marcellus: The way the
Magalie Marcellus: Way it does help. Yes, yes.
Odessa Martin: Yeah, I didn't have that I would don't know what I would do.
Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: So that's happened you manage whatever
Magalie Marcellus: Triggers or
Odessa Martin: Even when I've had mean
Odessa Martin: Ron I have cravings.
Odessa Martin: Not, not
Odessa Martin: I don't know, not
Odessa Martin: Not that I would act on them, but I do still have cravings. I don't think that ever goes away really
Magalie Marcellus: So then when those craven come handle you. What do you do
Odessa Martin: This is how I do it.
Odessa Martin: The doctor, we have the floor. He had told me, like, because I have a lot of pain. I have a lot of kidney problems.
Magalie Marcellus: He would tell me to like
Odessa Martin: Take my medicine and break it up and pieces. So if I feel the urge like I need a head change or something already take me like a quarter of about my savvis x. And that pretty much ends it at that.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So do you ever use anything else besides the medication to manage those cravings, like doing something to kind of distract yourself. Now what about
Magalie Marcellus: Taking animals or those things will that does that ever help you get your mind off it.
Odessa Martin: Yeah yeah
Odessa Martin: I believe that something to do with them. We do the rescue for the cats.
Odessa Martin: We have several dogs and horses and my daughter.
Odessa Martin: Does the rescue for the horses, so
Odessa Martin: There's always something to be done.
Odessa Martin: And yeah, you know, I just want to the barn and
Odessa Martin: clear my mind and
Magalie Marcellus: Occupied ok but
Magalie Marcellus: So you so the animals I isn't just for personal I use them for anything or is it like because you say rescue
Magalie Marcellus: Shelter.
Odessa Martin: No, no, we, we keep them.
Magalie Marcellus: Really. So how many
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah yeah like
Odessa Martin: Well as a right now we have 14 cats.
Wow.
Odessa Martin: She has like six horses down there.
Odessa Martin: We got five dogs, but their cat rescue. I got into when I first got home from prison.
Odessa Martin: I get them and have them fixed
Odessa Martin: And I just never got rid of them.
Magalie Marcellus: That must be pretty expensive to take care of. So how do you guys manage that.
It is
Magalie Marcellus: Well,
Odessa Martin: I
Odessa Martin: Have I get SSI. So that's only $780 a month and my daughter helps me out when she can. And, I mean, we may in age, my son. He builds furniture and stuff. So he sells his furniture and stuff makes
Magalie Marcellus: Money off that
Odessa Martin: But the good thing is they my children. Name this home. So we don't have like grant or anything, but we do have utility bills and things
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so, but not any type of rent or anything like that.
Odessa Martin: No, no.
Magalie Marcellus: Sure that's that's a great thing. You don't put those animals than a shelter.
Yeah.
Odessa Martin: And having them fixed. I mean, I don't understand why people who don't have their animals fixed in that way you don't have that overpopulation of
Magalie Marcellus: Right for the animals. Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, sometimes people are curious about that. I don't think you know
Odessa Martin: The
Magalie Marcellus: Conference's of not getting effects because yeah because somebody would need to do those, you know, the newborns and all that. Right. Yeah.
Odessa Martin: Right.
Odessa Martin: Like I had harped on my daughter. Get that implant done, go get that implant done well guess what she didn't and she was pregnant.
Magalie Marcellus: Was she thinking of getting pregnant at some point later on or wishing that
Magalie Marcellus: Whatever.
Odessa Martin: Goes and yeah but she was having that my already am or what ever the
Magalie Marcellus: last for five years. Yes.
Odessa Martin: And she didn't get it down.
Magalie Marcellus: She can get it on time.
Odessa Martin: And that's one form of
Magalie Marcellus: Contraception so she's an adult, she should, you know, think about, you know,
Those choices in
Magalie Marcellus: Life.
Magalie Marcellus: Is a baby's father. And what about all
Odessa Martin: Oh, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So was he involved in the with the quite stuff tool.
Odessa Martin: Yeah.
Odessa Martin: See, he was with her when they got bought over
Magalie Marcellus: So, so they both get we're trying
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Hopefully day on a
Odessa Martin: Cancer right now they're
Odessa Martin: Right now they're just like, wait now and indictments to come out what they're waiting on
Magalie Marcellus: Actually
Magalie Marcellus: Hopefully,
Magalie Marcellus: They can figure that out because of a baby needs, you know, Shane is our pants.
Odessa Martin: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: And even though you guys are dances.
Magalie Marcellus: The pan should be the primary campaign.
Odessa Martin: That's right.
Magalie Marcellus: So overall, any issues which are sleeping.
Odessa Martin: I have trouble sleeping a lot
Odessa Martin: I used to take nerd pills for years ago, but I don't think that'd be a good option for me.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you say trouble. Is it staying asleep falling asleep.
Odessa Martin: Sleeping into I know I can.
Odessa Martin: Fall asleep.
Odessa Martin: I fall asleep, and I'm asleep for about an hour, hour and a half, and then
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, interrupted sleep.
Odessa Martin: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: So you were taking something in the past.
Odessa Martin: I used to take out a van.
Magalie Marcellus: So right now.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you find anything that helps us get some in our sleep feel that you're arrested.
Odessa Martin: No.
Odessa Martin: No, I've tried to do work town or stuff.
Odessa Martin: I've been on different all different kinds of medicine that just don't keep me it's like
Magalie Marcellus: you discuss that with Dr Jameson.
Odessa Martin: Habit.
Magalie Marcellus: The ever primary doctor that you follow
Odessa Martin: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: The last time you saw you that
Odessa Martin: I am due to see or I see her every three months.
Odessa Martin: So let's see.
Magalie Marcellus: So often
I'm a diabetic.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, got it. So how has that player diabetes.
Magalie Marcellus: Is that under control, are you
Odessa Martin: Yes, as our control. Pretty good.
Odessa Martin: But when I take the insulin I gain massive weight when I don't take them as insulin, I weighed like two years ago with 160 pounds but
Odessa Martin: Or it's just at that wind or I have to take the insulin
Magalie Marcellus: And it makes
Odessa Martin: Me gain weight. So now I weigh 190
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so
Magalie Marcellus: So yeah, today, like okay yeah no song those you know medication is a side effect.
Odessa Martin: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: And why does the doctor suggests laugh with them.
Magalie Marcellus: Is there.
Magalie Marcellus: No other option.
Magalie Marcellus: Besides eating aeration.
Odessa Martin: Right t. Right.
Magalie Marcellus: And exercise and I did for me that they active way.
Magalie Marcellus: Because you say you really out there all the time.
Magalie Marcellus: So that eating.
Magalie Marcellus: Me more physical activity.
Magalie Marcellus: So you drinking the
Water
Odessa Martin: Like junk, but
Odessa Martin: I do eat food.
Magalie Marcellus: That you say the incident. So you take it is like, though, with the shot. So is that pill form. Yeah.
Shot.
Magalie Marcellus: How long your
Yet
Magalie Marcellus: How long you've been diagnosed with diabetes.
Odessa Martin: I was diagnosed
Odessa Martin: With that, and I are knowing when I went to prison. That's when they put me on the insulin shots because
Magalie Marcellus: At that time,
Odessa Martin: My sugar was like five and 600
Odessa Martin: Because only thing I was doing was sitting there eating.
Odessa Martin: You know,
Odessa Martin: And a lot to do in prison.
Magalie Marcellus: So even in the in prison. It is your sugar spike.
Oh, yeah.
Odessa Martin: That's when I found out I had diabetes.
Magalie Marcellus: So you have been in treatment and then
Odessa Martin: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Any other medical illness that you're dealing with.
Odessa Martin: Yeah, I have high blood pressure.
Odessa Martin: High cholesterol.
Odessa Martin: And I have. I don't know why I have repeat
Odessa Martin: Kidney stones, but I do my body makes too much calcium is what the doctor said, and
Odessa Martin: Of course I'm bipolar and I have
Odessa Martin: God, what's that called
Odessa Martin: Dramatic
Odessa Martin: Something depression. I don't remember what it's called.
Magalie Marcellus: Is it is
Magalie Marcellus: It is the
Odessa Martin: Traumatic syndrome or something like that.
Magalie Marcellus: Post Traumatic
Magalie Marcellus: Medication for the bipolar and the positivity.
Odessa Martin: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: A stance, I can
Odessa Martin: Take it all the time.
Odessa Martin: Why not
Odessa Martin: My, my regular doctor visits me I just is more weight I gained
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And what did you tell your partner. Dr. Nathan, see, maybe they have other option.
Odessa Martin: Me. Yes, I've been all kinds of
Odessa Martin: Antidepressants and
Magalie Marcellus: Stabilizers and
Odessa Martin: all that crap.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you don't you find out of them make you gain weight.
Magalie Marcellus: On as a factor.
Odessa Martin: Yeah, like the sir. Whoa, tries to Dan and all that stuff. Yeah.
Odessa Martin: It definitely makes you gain weight.
Magalie Marcellus: So when did you stop taking it.
Odessa Martin: I just
Odessa Martin: I don't know when I quit taking it. Like I said, I take it, sometimes not all the time.
Magalie Marcellus: Because if you're not taking it on a regular basis and I go on the effect that in Eastern
Odessa Martin: Oh, well I did one like I was in prison. I took it faithfully every day for four years and
Odessa Martin: Like I said when I can now there I weighed 300 pounds.
With me
Odessa Martin: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: What did you do to get the that way down.
Odessa Martin: But taking the medicine and I started smoking cigarettes, which was the worst thing in my life to ever start known again. But I did.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so yeah well you had stopped because you are in and present and when you came back to pick up the
Magalie Marcellus: Tie in
Magalie Marcellus: Is it something that you're trying to the crease or stop at some point. Yes.
Yes.
Odessa Martin: My doctors, she called me and some the Nicorette gum.
Odessa Martin: Because we don't smoke in the house with the baby. So when she was more I started smoking outside
Magalie Marcellus: Are you using the GM to help you.
Odessa Martin: Yeah, but I just started I hear reason but I'm smoking now.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so are you smoking less. Is it the thing
Odessa Martin: Is, is that only was
Odessa Martin: Does it ever spoken about three packs of cigarettes a day.
Odessa Martin: And now it's about one pack a day so
Magalie Marcellus: It's definitely a difference in
Magalie Marcellus: This maybe, you know, with the Gmail app, you'll get it. So I must nothing. So eventually, not yet.
Odessa Martin: Because like when I'm in the house. Yeah, around the baby. I put that in my you just fill in your job bite on it when you want a cigarette and that's
How
It works.
Magalie Marcellus: And any anxiety.
Magalie Marcellus: That you're dealing with depression.
Magalie Marcellus: Besides a Bible question.
Odessa Martin: Yes, up and down.
Magalie Marcellus: Not any recent sort of wanting to harm yourself.
Magalie Marcellus: Now, when was the last time you
Odessa Martin: Our prison.
In 2013
Magalie Marcellus: So it's been a few years.
Odessa Martin: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And do you do any support groups, besides our program.
Magalie Marcellus: So what's typical day for you.
Odessa Martin: My typical days is if I guess sleep.
Odessa Martin: I wake up and I started take care of the animals.
Odessa Martin: Feeding them clean crap boxes and older the barn feeding them and clean installs and I can back up and I started playing in house by some
Odessa Martin: The not for supper. I got an appointment or have to go over and watch the baby. I do that never evening I do the same thing again take care of all the animals and
Odessa Martin: If you got a lot of animals. You got a lot of cleaning to do
Magalie Marcellus: Always I can imagine. Yeah.
Odessa Martin: So,
Magalie Marcellus: Cats and dogs. But how do you keep them separate.
Odessa Martin: Or do they go, how do I keep them.
Separate
Magalie Marcellus: The cats and the dogs.
Odessa Martin: Oh, they get along.
Odessa Martin: Really okay yeah
Odessa Martin: Yeah, I got a Great Dane. She's weighs about 150 pounds and
Magalie Marcellus: She's just a big baby to them.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: She's a big one.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that's like a human.
Odessa Martin: Yeah, she's
Magalie Marcellus: Like a little mini miniature horse.
Magalie Marcellus: That's a big dog.
Yeah.
Odessa Martin: Well, I didn't think she would get that big, but she definitely did
Magalie Marcellus: And which medication medication of Do you drive or how do you get to a place to get
Odessa Martin: My daughter drives me normally
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Anything everything close. Yeah. Is it a distance to get to where we
Odessa Martin: Are I live way in the country. So it's about 20 miles to the store.
Magalie Marcellus: You mentioned you said I read
Odessa Martin: Better every three months. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: When, when is your next appointment, you know,
Odessa Martin: Have to call make one because I had canceled it were my daughter had court and I had to go with her to court.
Odessa Martin: I do that to get that rescheduled
Magalie Marcellus: And anything else with the program that would be helpful for you.
Odessa Martin: Know, I like the program. I like it real well it works for me.
Odessa Martin: I don't have to go set up clinic and listen to
Odessa Martin: People trying to sell drugs actually on yeah I went to a clinic there. Couple months ago with my daughter and my God, this place is this the place where people meet to buy and sell groves. There's not a good place for you to go
Magalie Marcellus: Is your daughter doing a different program is she would
Odessa Martin: Yeah, yeah, she's going to the
Odessa Martin: Child Protective Services her up with one
Odessa Martin: That she sky slide or does the video like
Magalie Marcellus: I didn't really
Odessa Martin: Hear the chiller coffee. Once you once a year, and I have to go all the way, please once a year.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, okay.
Odessa Martin: I'm up there once a year, or how
Magalie Marcellus: For our program.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, no, cuz I know what I'm. That's a good question, because I know normally with the first appointment with Dr. It's typically would be like a piece of his will. I know some things have changed so
Magalie Marcellus: There'll be a good question for virtual clinic and see whether you have to do a piece of this at some point, which I'm not aware of it. Yeah.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: But and your go by how often your schedule for group now.
Odessa Martin: Every two weeks.
Magalie Marcellus: You don't know, two weeks. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Man has has a
Odessa Martin: Doctor jamison's
Odessa Martin: Wow.
Magalie Marcellus: That's good, that's good.
Magalie Marcellus: And I'm glad that you get the internet situation with open in the beginning it was a little bit challenging
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Odessa Martin: We yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Odessa Martin: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And you just you and your son in the household now.
Magalie Marcellus: For now, yeah. Okay. All right. Well, hopefully your daughter get everything resolved with
Magalie Marcellus: Your grandbaby and you know yeah so saturated
Magalie Marcellus: And good at least close by that can offer some support. So as well.
Odessa Martin: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: The kids.
Odessa Martin: She does. Yeah, I have two sons, the grandsons that we don't get to see him.
Odessa Martin: Was adopted yeah for my son.
Odessa Martin: One was adopted.
Odessa Martin: And he didn't my Sunday, you know about the time
Odessa Martin: And because the girl lived in the girl lived in a foster home at the time.
Odessa Martin: It was a big mess up. And then my other grandson, we see him like at the stores or something like that, but he's never went down to file for DNA so
Odessa Martin: So you don't have
Magalie Marcellus: That right now.
Well,
Magalie Marcellus: Right now.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm so fortunate
Magalie Marcellus: And now that's the first grandchild that you have access to
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: And hopefully, you know, things were accounts.
Magalie Marcellus: Chicken.
Magalie Marcellus: Maybe
Odessa Martin: Yeah.
Odessa Martin: I think it will. She's doing good.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm happy to in it. And I just have to keep going.
Magalie Marcellus: Just stay focused.
Like she had told her counselor.
Odessa Martin: They're not too long ago, she said the only person I have that I can talk to that supports me his mom because everybody else is using
Magalie Marcellus: And Wang, and that would be a good situation to be in Russia.
Magalie Marcellus: That you get yourself together to be that support.
Magalie Marcellus: As well.
Odessa Martin: Right. That doesn't make me feel good that she said that, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: She feels that she could come to me.
Odessa Martin: Which is true because I am the only one that's truly shake
Magalie Marcellus: And that's something for you to be proud of what sure that, you know, maintain
Magalie Marcellus: Sobriety for that long.
Yes.
Odessa Martin: It does make me feel good.
Magalie Marcellus: Any questions for me tonight.
No.
Odessa Martin: Not really.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, again, you know, from time to time, I have to do updates. So that's why a song. You know, you may get those requests to schedule.
Magalie Marcellus: But if there's any crisis. I think that you need to meet with me you know right away. We can always schedule something but you know plan now and get so be as needed, which
Magalie Marcellus: Job. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, I'll push it.
Magalie Marcellus: And all the best. So you just stay
Magalie Marcellus: In chorus keep stay on track and, you know, continue to do well you'll be victorious. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: All the best into your grandbaby and your daughter as well. Okay.
Okay, thank you, Maggie.
Magalie Marcellus: No problem. So you have a good one. Take care.
Odessa Martin: You too.
Magalie Marcellus: You too. Bye. Bye. Okay, bye bye